USF-3616: Document strikethrough pricing display for discounted shipping methods in Checkout dropin (#719)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/shipping-methods.mdx

- The `slots (*)` property is inherited from the `TitleProps` interface. It is an object that contains the following properties:
  - Use the `Title (*)` property to render a custom title. This property is inherited from `TitleProps` interface.

### ShippingMethod model

Each shipping method is represented by the following model:

```ts
type ShippingMethod = {
  amount: Money;
  carrier: {
    code: string;
    title: string;
  };
  code: string;
  title: string;
  value: string;
  amountExclTax?: Money;
  amountInclTax?: Money;
  originalAmount?: Money;
};
```

## Strikethrough pricing

> The `ShippingMethods` container supports displaying strikethrough pricing for discounted shipping methods. When a shipping method includes an `originalAmount` field, the component automatically displays the original price crossed out next to the discounted price, making promotional shipping offers more visible to customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ShippingMethods` container displays strikethrough pricing for discounted shipping methods. When a shipping method includes an `originalAmount field`, the container displays the original price crossed out next to the discounted price, highlighting promotional shipping offers.
```

> To enable this feature, merchants must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, developers must:
```
